# 2022.02.13 -- ThinkPad C13 Yoga

Why the Lenovo Thinkpad C13 Yoga?

With the experience of the Duet gained, I was interested in trying a more capable Chromebook.
I liked the sexy red Samsung Galaxy Chromebook.
Ultimately, the ThinkPad Yoga C13 won me over.

Features of the Lenovo ThinkPad C13 Yoga Chromebook that I purchased:

- Ryzen 7 3700C, 16G RAM, 256G SSD, 1080P 300nit touch screen display
- Full size ThinkPad keyboard, with TrackPoint
- onboard USI stylus (nail)
- I do like the convertible form factor of the C13

ChromeOS with this configuration is snappy.
For me, the screen size and resolution are at a nice sweet spot.
The full size keyboard feels great.
I really like this convertible form factor.
The C13 feels super solid and rigid with the aluminum design.
The only down side is that it _is_ heavier than a Duet.

Many reviewers seem to rave about the Abyss Blue color.
It is different, and somewhat subtle.
It reminds me a bit of the old Sony VAIO line.
I _do_ like that it isn't run of the mill matte black.
I think this would have been bold in white.
But that might not have a premium look.
I would have loved to see this in a highly vibrant rich color such as ruby, cobalt, canary, or emerald.
However, with the target audience being enterprise users, Abyss Blue makes sense.

Will it replace the Duet?  I'm not sure.  Maybe a companion?
Where I don't mind using the Duet as a handheld device, I wouldn't want to do that with the C13.

The one disappointment I've had so far is with the Android apps.
RadarScope doesn't function properly and frequently crashes.
OneNote is marked as not available for Chromebook.
However, I have it loaded on my Duet.
